docs: removing stub for reach router doc (#18784)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reach-router-and-gatsby.md

title: "@reach/router and Gatsby"
---

This guide gives a peek under the hood of using `@reach/router` with Gatsby.

> ## Why do we use @react/router?

Reviewer: You'll want to change this to say `@reach/router` rather than `@react/router`.

Author: 😂 Thank you

The main reasons Gatsby uses `@reach/router` are:

> 1. Preloading. You can read more about Preloading In the docs for the [Gastby Link api](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/).

Reviewer: Maybe something like this? 

```md
1. Preloading. You can read more about preloading in the docs for the [Gatsby Link API](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/). 
```

I also think it'd be nice to add a bit more context here as well.

Author: Great grammar check, thank you.

2. The [routing accessibility](https://reach.tech/router/accessibility) it provides.
3. It supports [server rendering](https://reach.tech/router/server-rendering) which helps Gatsby build routed files at build time.

## Client and Server Routing 🤝

> Did you know that besides using the `<Link />` ([docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/)) api for declaring routes, you define your own client side routes? See this [example](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/examples/client-only-paths) on how to use `<Router />` from `@reach/router` to have server and client routes work seamlessly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Besides using the [`<Link />` API](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/) for linking between pages Gatsby generates, you can define your own client-side routes. See this [example](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/examples/client-only-paths) on how to use `<Router />` from `@reach/router` to have server and client routes work seamlessly
```

A couple small nit-picky adjustments 🙂 I think rewording this a little to say that Link component is helping you link between routes instead of declaring new ones is a little more precise.

Author: Great suggestion. Thank you!

together with your server routes.

## Other resources

- [Reach Router docs](https://reach.tech/router)

> - [Video about using @reach/router in a standalone project (not Gatsby)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1vsBrSUptA).

Reviewer: Maybe you could highlight this quote from the docs on `<Link />` in this post? 

"The component is a wrapper around @reach/router’s Link component that adds useful enhancements specific to Gatsby."

Author: Love it. Thanks!

title: "@reach/router and Gatsby"
---

This guide gives a peek under the hood of using `@reach/router` with Gatsby.

## Why do we use @reach/router?

The main reasons Gatsby uses `@reach/router` are:

1. Preloading. You can read more about preloading in the docs for the [Gatsby Link API](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/).
2. The [routing accessibility](https://reach.tech/router/accessibility) it provides.
3. It supports [server rendering](https://reach.tech/router/server-rendering) which helps Gatsby build routed files at build time.

With Gatsby, you will mostly be using the `<Link />` component provided by the `gatsby` package. The [`<Link />` API docs](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/) explain the relationship between `gatsby` `<Link />` and `@reach/router` `<Link />` very nicely:

> The component is a wrapper around @reach/router’s Link component that adds useful enhancements specific to Gatsby.

## Client and Server Routing 🤝

> Besides using the [`<Link />` API](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/gatsby-link/) for linking between pages Gatsby generates, you can define your own client-side routes. See this [example](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/examples/client-only-paths) on how to use `<Router />` from `@reach/router` to make client routes work seamlessly together with your server routes.

Reviewer 3: #18910 added pr for better link text for "example"
